README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Four card feature section solution

This is a solution to the [Four card feature section challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/four-card-feature-section-weK1eFYK). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it.

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - Front End JS library to build reactive user interfaces based on UI components
- [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Utility first CSS framework class based

**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author

- Website - [Add your name here](https://www.your-site.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/yourusername)

**Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.**

Commit message:

Fix Tailwindcss dynamic classes and update README.md

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Four card feature section solution

This is a solution to the [Four card feature section challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/four-card-feature-section-weK1eFYK). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size

### Screenshots

![Desktop](./screenshots/desktop.png)
![Desktop](./screenshots/mobile.png)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://oscararranz.github.io/four-card-feature/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - Front End JS library to build reactive user interfaces based on UI components
- [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Utility first CSS framework class based

### Useful resources

- [CSS-Tricks Grid Guide](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/) - I always rely on CSS Tricks guides when I want to use either CSS Grid or CSS Flexbox and forget about some syntax.
- [CSS-Tricks Flexbox Guide](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/) - I've found this webpage guides very useful so I link them in case anyone wants to learn.
- [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/) - I didn't use MDN Web Docs in this particular project but I really recommend it for an in depth HTML, CSS or JS documentation.
- [Tailwindcss Docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/) - If I ever forget about any Tailwindcss class name I just come here to remember it.

## Author

- Website - [Oscar Arranz](https://www.oscararranz.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@OscarArranz](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/OscarArranz)
- LinkedIn - [Oscar Arranz](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oscararranzp/)
